Experiments section (missing MAD outlier removal experiment) (#54)
chhoumann/thesis-chemcam: report_pre_thesis/src/sections/experiments/ica_aggregated.tex

\subsection{Experiment: ICA Aggregated Datasets}\label{sec:experiment_ica_aggregated_datasets}
In Section~\ref{sec:ica_data_preprocessing}, we described how we only use one of the five location datasets for each sample for the ICA training process.

> In this experiment, we use all five location datasets for each sample, and aggregate the results by taking the mean of the shots over the datasets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this experiment, we used all five location datasets for each sample, and aggregated the results by taking the mean of the shots over the datasets.
```
In case you agree it should be past tense. If not, disregard this.

Since this results in an averaged dataset, we expect to either lose information by averaging out the differences between the datasets, or gain information by reducing the noise in the dataset.

Table \ref{tab:ica_aggregated_rmses} shows the RMSEs for the ICA model with and without aggregated datasets.

\begin{table}[h]
\centering
\begin{tabular}{lll}
\hline

> Element    & Baseline      & Aggregated datasets \\

Reviewer: Do we mean aggregated or averaged?

\hline
\ce{SiO2}  & 5.81          & 12.01 \\
\ce{TiO2}  & 0.47          & 0.60 \\
\ce{Al2O3} & 1.94          & 4.81 \\
\ce{FeO_T} & 4.35          & 8.56 \\
\ce{MgO}   & 1.17          & 2.51 \\
\ce{CaO}   & 1.43          & 3.71 \\
\ce{Na2O}  & 0.66          & 1.41 \\
\ce{K2O}   & 0.72          & 1.51 \\
\hline
\end{tabular}

> \caption{RMSEs for the ICA phase's regression models using aggregated datasets.}

Reviewer: Similar question - Aggregated or averaged?
